🏃 allow extra args with tilt (#2932)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/developer/tilt.md

COPY --from=tilt-helper /go/kubernetes/client/bin/kubectl /usr/bin/kubectl
```

**extra_args** (Object, default={}): A mapping of provider to additional arguments to pass to the main binary configured
for this provider. Each item in the array will be passed in to the manager. 

Example:

```json
{
    "extra_args": {
        "core": ["--feature-gates=MachinePool=true"],

>         "kubeadm-bootstrap": ["--feature-gates=MachinePool=true"],

Author: does this actually do anything? I'm not using it AFAIK, but I don't recall if kubeadm-bootstrap specifically uses this value at all

Reviewer: It looks like it's used for adding the watch on MachinePool: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/blob/99a95aaa59492924b04e6dddbea17992fecca24d/bootstrap/kubeadm/controllers/kubeadmconfig_controller.go#L109-L116 and also in determining the config owner (which is used during the Reconcile method): https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/blob/99a95aaa59492924b04e6dddbea17992fecca24d/bootstrap/util/configowner.go#L95-L100

Author: thanks for the links, probably should have tried a simple ctrl-f 😋

COPY --from=tilt-helper /go/kubernetes/client/bin/kubectl /usr/bin/kubectl
```

> **extra_args** (Array, default=[]): An array of additional arguments to pass to the main binary configured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**extra_args** (Object, default={}): A mapping of provider to additional arguments to pass to the main binary configured
```

> for this provider. Each item in the array will be passed is to the manager. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for this provider. Each item in the array will be passed in to the manager. 
```

Example:

```json
{
    "name": "core",
    "config": {
        "context": ".",
        "image": "gcr.io/k8s-staging-cluster-api/cluster-api-controller",

>         "extra_args": ["--feature-gates=MachinePool=true"]

Reviewer: If I'm understanding this correct, in order to test a feature gate, you would have to override the necessary `tilt-provider.json` files with the correct `extra_args`. Is that correct?

I'm wondering if we can simplify the developer configuration a bit by giving a mapping of provider -> extra_args in `tilt-settings.json` instead?

Author: I'm a little unfamiliar with tilt -- is tilt-settings just an "us" thing and there's not any particular convention around using it? If so I definitely agree.

I waffled back and forth on this, it wasn't clear to me if tilt-settings was supposed to be like a driver for the specific invocation, or if it's more just a lib and we can do whatever we want. Sounds like we can go for it?

Reviewer: It's an "us" thing, we created it as a way to add config for things like which downstream repos to consume and injecting things like the base64 encoded credentials for providers, etc

>     "name": "core",
>     "config": {
>         "context": ".",
>         "image": "gcr.io/k8s-staging-cluster-api/cluster-api-controller",
>         "extra_args": ["--feature-gates=MachinePool=true"]
>     }

Reviewer: Unless I'm mistaken, the example should look more like this as part of tilt-settings.json, it currently looks like it is still formatted for the previous implementation.
```suggestion
    "extra_args": {
        "core": ["--feature-gates=MachinePool=true"],
        "kubeadm-bootstrap": ["--feature-gates=MachinePool=true"],
        "azure": ["--feature-gates=MachinePool=true"]
    }
```
